I was having an incredibly difficult time creating the code for the final project. It didn’t help that I didn’t have much of an understanding 
of GUIs from our past lab. At first, I attempted to write the code for my final project as we would be expected, soon to realize that I wouldn’t 
be able to complete the assignment. Then, I figured that I might be able to use one of the apps within MATLAB to complete the assignment. I had 
created the assortment of buttons and features required for our final project, but it was a hit and miss for me when it came time to make the buttons
and text boxes do anything. I was reading through the MATLAB manual on how to create GUIs but could not find the answers that I was looking for. At that
moment, I decided to create what I am going to end up turning in. I figured if I could not complete the assignment the way it was intended, that I would
be better off trying to write a code that worked for the majority of the requirements without the GUI. And I know that this was not the best idea, nor
was it smart of me to spend so much time creating a code that completely different than what was assigned to me. I ended up writing a code that when it 
is ran, it asks the user to input a variable for X and Y. It first say’s “Enter coordinate for X”, and after the user types in a number and hits enter it
pops up with “Enter coordinate for Y”. I then wrote an assortment of if statements to make the code do different things depending on what the user inputs. 
If the X and Y coordinates are the same, it will continue on with the next part of the code. If the X and Y coordinates are different, it will pop up with
the message “Make sure X and Y are equal”, then prompt the user to input the x coordinate again. And when the user inputs the X and Y variables to 0 and 0, 
it displays the message “Plot Cleared” and resets the plot of the function to be blank. The next message that the code will display if you input the same 
variable for x and y is “what color do you want your coordinate to be? (1)Blue, (2)Red, or (3)green ”. When the user inputs the number 1, it will change
the color of the coordinate to blue, 2 will change it to red, and 3 will change it to green. If the user inputs a variable less than 1 or more than 3, it 
will display the message “Your options are (1)Blue, (2)Red, (3)Green” and will return them to the prompt stated earlier. If the user then inputs a variable
that is acceptable it will display the message “What symbol do you want to use? (1)p, (2)o, or (3)* ”. If the user inputs 1 it will change the symbol to 
a 5 point star, if the user inputs 2 it will change it to a “o”, and if they input a 3, it will change it to a “*”. If the user inputs a number less than 1
or greater than 3 it will remind them of what their options are similar to how it did with the color. The last segment of code is written to change the 
color and symbol of the point that the user selected based on the options that the user picked and then return to the beginning of the code to ask what
coordinates they would like to plot. And that repeats itself, until the code is closed.
A set of sample input data would be the following.

>> Enter coordinate for X   2
>> Enter coordinate for Y   2
>> What color would you like your coordinate to be? (1)Blue, (2)Red, or (3)Green   3
>> What symbol do you want to use? (1)p, (2)o, or (3)*   1

The example inputs above would plot a green star at (2,2)

I did not have an LA approve my project proposal because I was planning on just doing the most basic example of the final project. Although that is not how 
it ended up working out for me in the end. I am undeclared as of right now, but I am most likely going to declare a civil engineering major this coming fall. 
And I could see using GUIs to visualize data, manipulate data, and have a better understanding of the data in the given data set. Although I did not complete 
the assignment the way it was supposed to be done, at least I can say that I am proud of the code that I did write. It was the first bit of code that I could 
truly comprehend and see the errors that I was making and know how to figure out the issues that I had with it.
